HTC Desire XTS is a smartphone with an X
Factor and dual SIM advantage with a
powerful dual-core processor that is
wrapped up in a beautiful 4 inch screen
it's due to your quality beats audio and
a great camera the new HTC Desire X dual
SIM Wow's on many levels with the
dimensional 118 point five by sixty two
point three by nine point three mm and
faying 114 grams HTC Desire XDS easily
fits into your pocket it features a four
inch LCD display of WVGA resolution 480
by 800 that gives good image quality
about the screen are the earpiece and
the proximity and ambient light sensors
below the screen is the usual layout of
back home and task switcher capacitive
keys the left side of the device
accommodates the microUSB port on the
right is the long and thin volume rocker
there is a 3.5 mm headphone jack at the
top and a power a lock button the bottom
of the device features only the
mouthpiece at the back a 5mp camera with
single LED flash and loudspeaker grill
there are ample connectivity options
with quad-band GSM GPRS edge and
tri-band 3G and HSDPA speeds of up to
7.2 mbps local wireless connectivity
features Wi-Fi b/g/n and bluetooth 4.0
the HTC Desire X packs a 5 MP autofocus
camera that does stills of up to 2,000
592 by 1094 pixels a fast dual-core one
gigahertz processor and Qualcomm MSM
8225 Snapdragon chipset deliver fast and
responsive performance the desire XTS
comes with ice-cream sandwich out of the
box the 4gb internal memory can be
expandable up to 32gb via microSD card
the battery is a lithium-ion 1000 650
mah battery and the available colours
for the device are black and white HTC
Desire XDS is a smart phone that
fulfills the heart's desire whether dual
sim advantage and great pictures